# License for IBM Bluemix DevOps Services Content

**BY ACCESSING, BROWSING AND/OR USING THIS REPOSITORY, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE, TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND TO COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS, INCLUDING EXPORT AND RE-EXPORT CONTROL LAWS AND REGULATIONS. YOU ARE BEING PROVIDED ACCESS TO THIS REPOSITORY AND ITS CONTENT ON THE CONDITION THAT YOU AGREE TO THE BINDING NATURE OF THESE AND OTHER ENGLISH LANGUAGE TERMS AND CONDITIONS REGARDLESS OF LOCAL LANGUAGE RESTRICTIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THIS REPOSITORY.  IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY, ITS AFFILIATES AND ALL USERS WHO ACCESS OUR SERVICES THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS "YOU" OR "YOUR" SHALL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY, ITS AFFILIATES AND USERS ASSOCIATED WITH IT. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES.**

This Repository contains material made available by International Business Machines Corporation ("IBM"). The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and IBM that apply to all software, documentation, information and/or other materials provided on this Repository ("Content").
IBM may at any time without notice revise these terms by updating this posting. By using this Repository, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current terms to which you are bound.

# 1. Content

IBM'S STATEMENTS REGARDING ITS PLANS, DIRECTIONS, AND INTENT ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR WITHDRAWL WITHOUT NOTICE AT IBM'S SOLE DISCRETION. INFORMATION REGARDING POTENTIAL FUTURE PRODUCTS IS INTENDED TO OUTLINE OUR GENERAL PRODUCT DIRECTION AND IT SHOULD NOT BE RELIED ON IN MAKING A PURCHASING DECISION. THE INFORMATION MENTIONED REGARDING POTENTIAL FUTURE PRODUCTS IS NOT A COMMITMENT, PROMISE, OR LEGAL OBLIGATION TO DELIVER ANY MATERIAL, CODE, OR FUNCTIONALITY. INFORMATION ABOUT POTENTIAL FUTURE PRODUCTS MAY NOT BE INCORPORATED INTO ANY CONTRACT. THE DEVELOPMENT, RELEASE, AND TIMING OF ANY FUTURE FEATURES OR FUNCTIONALITY DESCRIBED FOR OUR PRODUCTS REMAINS AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION.
Content may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors and may be changed, improved or updated without notice.

By furnishing Content, IBM does not grant any rights or licenses to any copyrights, patents, trademarks, or any other intellectual property rights, except as otherwise expressly stated for the Content. All rights not expressly granted under this agreement are reserved.

IBM grants you non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited permission to access and display the Web pages within this Repository, solely on your computer and for your personal, non-commercial use of this Repository. IBM further grants you non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to create derivative works of the Content, solely for the purpose of submitting said derivative works back to IBM under the Contributory License in Section 2 of this Agreement.  Content may be accompanied by licenses or other agreements, in which case such Content is governed solely by the agreements under which they are provided. If you obtain Content from this Repository that is not provided under an agreement, such Content is not provided as "public domain" and will be provided under this Agreement. You may not reverse assemble, reverse compile, or otherwise translate the Content into human-readable form or into another program language (except as may be specifically permitted by law without the possibility of contractual waiver). You may not mirror any of the Content from this Repository on another Web site or in any other media. You may not use the Content to develop software or services that provide the same or similar functionality to the Content. Your failure to comply with the terms, conditions, and notices on this Repository will result in automatic termination of any rights granted to you, without prior notice.

IBM assumes no responsibility regarding the accuracy, currency or completeness of the Content and use of the Content is at the recipient's own risk. IBM assumes no responsibility (and expressly disclaims responsibility) for updating this site to keep information current or to ensure the accuracy or completeness of any posted information. Accordingly, you should confirm the accuracy and completeness of all posted information before making any decision related to any Content. IBM provides no assurances that any reported problems may be resolved with the use of any Content. IBM does not endorse any content generated by third parties ("User Generated Content"). User Generated Content does not represent the views or opinions of IBM.

USE OF THIS REPOSITORY IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE REPOSITORY AND THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED "AS-IS". SUBJECT TO STATUTORY WARRANTIES, IF ANY, THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED, IBM, ITS DEVELOPERS AND SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITATION, IBM MAKES NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE THAT THIS REPOSITORY WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE.

IBM makes no representations or warranties whatsoever about any other Web site or third party resources which may be referenced, accessible from or linked to this one (even if it contains an IBM logo).You agree that IBM is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, that it is not responsible or liable for any content, services, products or other materials on or available from those sites or resources, and that such content, etc., is not Content under this agreement. IBM is not a party to any transactions you may enter into with third parties, even if you learn of such from this site. In addition, a link to a non-IBM Web site does not mean that IBM endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such Web site or its owner. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.

IN NO EVENT WILL IBM BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE FOR ANY USE OF THIS REPOSITORY OR CONTENT, OR FOR ANY OTHER HYPER LINKED WEB SITE AND ITS CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF OR AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.THIS EXCLUSION AND WAIVER OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORIES.

# 2.Contributory Licenses

By sending IBM or this Repository (including but not limited to by uploading, submitting or otherwise making available or contributing to IBM or this Repository) any information or material ("Your Contributions"), you grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) IBM an unrestricted, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up, license to use, make, have made, reproduce, display, perform, publish, upload, post, modify, create derivative works from, transmit, distribute, sell, offer for sale and sublicense or otherwise transfer those materials or information or their modifications, and to authorize third parties to do any, some or all of the foregoing including, but not limited to, sublicensing others to do any some or all of the foregoing indefinitely. You represent and warrant that to your knowledge, you have sufficient rights in those materials or information to grant these rights and licenses. You also agree that IBM and its sub-licensees as described above are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose.

Further, to the extent that you have made your identity known by posting, uploading, submitting otherwise using the Repository as intended, you give permission to IBM to publicly disclose your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us, and IBM may do so without the need of further notice to you.
Notwithstanding any other terms in this agreement, IBM is under no obligation to use, post or upload any contribution you make to this Repository or otherwise, and IBM may remove any posting or upload you make at IBM's sole discretion.

# 3.Export

You agree to comply with all applicable import and export laws and regulations, including those of the United States regarding embargo and sanctions regulations and prohibitions on export by certain end users or for any prohibited end uses (including nuclear, space or missile, and chemical and biological weapons). You represent that Your Contributions will not, in whole or part, be controlled under the U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulation (ITAR). You also acknowledge that IBM may use global resources (non-permanent residents used locally and personnel in locations worldwide) to remotely support the delivery of this Repository. You represent that Your Contributions will not require an export license and is not restricted from export to any IBM global resource or personnel under applicable export control laws.

# 4.Confidential Information

IBM does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information or material from you through our Repository. Please note that any information or material sent to IBM or this Web site will be deemed not to be confidential.
Unless otherwise stated in this agreement, personally-identifiable information that you submit to IBM for the purpose of receiving products or services will be handled in accordance with our privacy policies. Please see http://www.ibm.com/privacy/us/en/ for information regarding this Repository's privacy policies. If you request something from this Repository, for example, a download or documentation, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. To help us do this, we may share information, with others, for instance, other parts of IBM, IBM's Business Partners, financial institutions, shipping companies, postal or government authorities (for example, Customs authorities) involved in fulfillment.

You authorize IBM and its subsidiaries (and their successors and assigns, contractors and IBM Business Partners) to store and use your business contact information wherever they do business, in connection with IBM products and services or in furtherance of IBM's business relationship with you.

# 5.General

All trademarks or logos presented on this Repository are and remain the property of their respective owners. No licenses or other rights in or to such trademarks or logos are granted. This Repository may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.
IBM provides the software downloaded from this Repository to U.S. Government users with "RESTRICTED RIGHTS." Use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to the restrictions set forth in IBM's GSA ADP Schedule contract.
This agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the intellectual property laws of the United States of America, without regard to conflict of law principles. No party to this agreement may bring a legal action under agreement more than one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.

# 6.Trademarks

IBM, and the IBM logo, are trademarks of IBM Corporation, in the United States, other countries, or both. For other trademarks see http://www.ibm.com/legal/copytrade.shtml.
Other company, product, or service names may be trademarks or service marks of others.

